<JAKE'S PHONE RINGING>
[ROSE] IT'S OKAY MALCHY.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY,
I'M GONNA BE RIGHT HERE HONEY.
WE'RE STILL TRYING TO GET
A HOLD OF JAKE.
WE'LL GET HIM.
JUST--
[TINNY] HE'S STILL
NOT ANSWERING.
[ROSE] OH GOD, OKAY.
<JAKE'S PHONE RINGING>
[JAKE] DOYLE.
[JAKE] HELLO?
[CHRISTIAN] BUTTONS? UH...
UH JAKE?
[JAKE] WHAT DO YOU WANT?
CHRISTIAN?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
[CHRISTIAN] I THINKS SOMETHING
BAD MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED.
[JAKE] WHATS GOING ON?
WHERE ARE YOU?
[CHRISTIAN] I GOTTA GO.
[JAKE] WAIT CHRISTIAN,
WHERE ARE YOU?
HELLO?
CRAP.
<♪♪>
[JAKE] CHRISTIAN?
[CHRISTIAN] HI.
[JAKE] WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT HAPPENED?
ARE YOU HURT?
[CHRISTIAN] NO.
NAH, I'M FINE. I'M FINE.
[JAKE] WHO'S BLOOD IS THIS?
[CHRISTIAN] I JUST
GOTTA CLEAN THIS UP.
[JAKE] CHRISTIAN,
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?!
[CHRISTIAN] I HAVE NO IDEA.
[JAKE] STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING,
AND CALL A LAWYER.
[CHRISTIAN] MY LAWYER, WHY?
[JAKE] BECAUSE I'M ABOUT TO
CALL THE POLICE.
[CHRISTIAN] YOU THINK THAT
I DID THIS TO SOMEBODY?
[JAKE] STOP MOPING UP
THE CRIME SCENE
AND CALL YOUR LAWYER NOW!
[CHRISTIAN] IT WILL JUST
TAKE A MINUTE!
[JAKE] CHRISTIAN?!
<♪♪>
[MALACHY] <RECORDING>
HI THIS IS MALACHY,
LEAVE A MESSAGE.
[JAKE] DAD, GET YOUR ARSE
OUTTA BED.
WE GOT A SERIOUS PROBLEM.
<♪♪>
♪OH YEAH (OH YEAH)♪
♪OH YEEAAH OH YEEAAH♪
♪OH YEAH♪
<♪♪>
[RECEPTIONIST] CI DIVISION.
[JAKE] HI, CAN YOU
CONNECT ME WITH SERGEANT
LESLIE BENNETT PLEASE?
[ROSE] OKAY, AFTER THE STORM
HE WAS HE WAS SHOVELING SNOW
BUT STOPPED HALFWAY
BECAUSE HE SAID HE HAD GAS, OR
HE THOUGHT HE HAD GAS.
AND THEN HE WAS COMPLETELY
FINE WHEN WE WENT TO BED.
AND THEN FIFTEEN MINUTES AGO
HE WOKE UP
AND HE COULDN'T BREATHE--
IS THIS A HEART ATTACK?
[NIKKI] WE DON'T KNOW.
ROSE, WE DON'T KNOW YET.
BUT I CAN TELL YOU THIS,
THAT WE HAVE IT FROM HERE.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE REALLY
GOOD CARE OF HIM.
OKAY, YOU DON'T NEED TO WORRY,
HE'S GONNA BE FINE.
[ROSE] OKAY.
[NIKKI] I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
[ROSE] KEEP US INFORMED OKAY?
[NIKKI] I WILL. I'LL BE BACK
AS SOON AS
I KNOW ANYTHING. OKAY.
[ROSE] ANYTHING?
[TINNY] NOTHING.
[ROSE] OH MY GOD,
WHERE IS THAT GUY?
<DOOR BELL RINGING>
[DES] HELLO? HELLO?
SOMEONE GONNA GET THAT?
<DOOR BELL RINGING>
[JAKE] WHAT'S GOING ON BROTHER?
[CHRISTIAN] I DON'T REMEMBER
ANYTHING.
[JAKE] WRONG ANSWER.
[CHRISTIAN] LAST NIGHT, I WENT
TO THE NEWFOUNDLAND HOTEL,
HAD A DRINK. I HAD A FEW.
[JAKE] WELL I HAD A FEW TOO,
BUT WHEN I WOKE UP I WASN'T
SURROUNDED BY POOLS OF BLOOD.
[CHRISTIAN] YEAH, I KNOW.
[JAKE] YOU KNOW HOW BAD
THIS LOOKS CHRISTIAN.
YOU FLED THE SCENE.
[CHRISTIAN] I DIDN'T
DO ANYTHING.
YOU BELIEVE ME RIGHT?
[JAKE] YOU HAVE TO COME
WITH ME NOW.
WHAT'S THAT?
[CHRISTIAN] MY COIN.
THEY GAVE IT TO ME AT THE REHAB
FOR FINISHING 28 DAYS.
[JAKE] LETS HOPE THEIR GONNA
GIVE YOU A REFUND FOR IT.
<♪♪>
[HOOD] YEAH, I'M GONNA NEED
A BUNCH MORE CARS OUT HERE,
AND A FORENSICS TEAM.
WE GOT A BLOODY PARTIAL HAND
PRINT ON THE RAILING.
NO BODY BUT THIS IS
A POTENTIAL HOMICIDE SCENE.
YEAH, YEAH.
WHAT DO YOU SEE, BENNETT?
[LESLIE] WELL
THERE'S A GUNSHOT HERE.
AND THERE WAS DEFIANTLY
A STRUGGLE.
SOMEONE WAS BLEEDING.
[HOOD] THERE IS A BULLET HOLE.
GOOD LUCK FINDING THE GUN.
SOMEONE WAS TRYING TO
CLEAN UP SOMETHING.
WHO OWNS THE PLACE?
[LESLIE] THE MAIL SAYS "ALCOCK".
BUT JUDGING FROM THESE
TOURIST PAMPHLETS, I'D SAY
IT'S A LONG-TERM RENTAL.
[HOOD] YOU WANNA DEAL WITH
THIS WITNESS?
[LESLIE] YEAH, SORRY.
[HOOD] AND LOCK DOWN THE SCENE.
LOOK I'M JUST LOOKING
OUT FOR YOU,
DOWN THE ROAD
WHEN THIS THING GOES TO TRIAL.
[LESLIE] YEAH.
[LESLIE] ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
[JAKE] I'M FINE.
[LESLIE] DOYLE, DO YOU WANNA
TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
[JAKE] I THINK I KNOW SOMEONE
ELSE THAT YOU'D RATHER TALK TO.
<♪♪>
[TINNY] <MESSAGE> UNCLE JAKE,
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'RE
NOT ANSWERING.
WE'RE AT THE HOSPITAL.
CALL ME.
[JAKE] WHAT HAPPENED?
[ROSE] OH GOD, THERE YOU ARE.
HE HAD A HEAT ATTACK.
[JAKE] WHAT?
[ROSE] YEAH, HE'S OKAY FOR NOW.
[TINNY] I CALLED MOM,
SHE'S ON HER WAY.
SHE'S TRYING TO GET A FLIGHT.
[ROSE] WHERE THE HELL
HAVE YOU BEEN?
[JAKE] IT'S A LONG STORY.
[ROSE] WHERE WERE YOU?
AND WHAT'S THAT BLOOD?
[JAKE] YEAH JUST-- OKAY.
CHRISTIAN IS IN POLICE CUSTODY.
[ROSE] WHAT? WHAT HAPPENED?
[JAKE] IT'S A LONG STORY,
BUT DO NOT TELL DAD ABOUT IT.
HE DOES NOT NEED THE STRESS
RIGHT NOW. I'M ON IT.
[ROSE] WELL WHAT'S WITH
THE BLOOD?
[JAKE] NOTHING.
I HAVE TO ANSWER THIS.
WHAT?
[DES] WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
THERE IS A CLIENT
HERE WAITING FOR YOU.
[JAKE] DES, I CAN'T TALK RIGHT
NOW. YOU-- I CAN'T TALK.
[DES] OKAY WELL,
I CAN GET THE BALL ROLLING FOR
YOU IF YOU WANT?
[JAKE] FINE, YOU TAKE THE CASE.
YOU'RE READY FOR IT.
[DES] I-- I AM?
[JAKE] JUST DON'T KILL ANYONE,
ALRIGHT?
[DES] OKAY, OKAY.
[JAKE] YOU SHOULDN'T BE HERE
RIGHT NOW.
[TINNY] WHAT?
[JAKE] GO HOME.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAKE SURE DES DOESN'T RUIN
MY BUSINESS, OKAY?
[TINNY] NO.
I'M GONNA STAY WITH POPPY.
[ROSE] NO YOU KNOW
WHAT HONEY? IT'S OKAY, YOU GO
AND I'LL LET YOU KNOW
IF ANYTHING CHANGES.
I PROMISE OKAY.
C'MON, OFF YOU GO.
C'MON HE'S IN IN HERE.
[ROSE] HEY, LOOK WHO'S HERE?
[MALACHY] THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
[JAKE] WHAT?
[MALACHY] IF YOU SHOVELED THE
VAN OUTTA THE SNOW LIKE I ASKED,
NONE OF US WOULD BE HERE RIGHT
NOW.
[JAKE] OH YEAH THE BLOCKAGE
IN YOUR HEART IS MY FAULT.
IT'S GOT NOTHING TO DO WITH
THE SEVEN TRAYS OF PORK CHOPS
YOU SHOVE DOWN YOUR GOB
EVERY NIGHT.
[MALACHY] TWO SONS
AT HOME AND NEITHER OF YOU DARE
TO LIFT A SHOVEL.
AND WHAT IS THAT
ON YOUR FACE, BLOOD?
[JAKE] UMM, NO, NO.
[MALACHY] ROSE?
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
WHERE IS CHRISTIAN?
[ROSE] CHRISTIAN IS IN JAIL.
[JAKE] WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
I TOLD YOU NOT TO SAY ANYTHING.
LOOK-- LOOK THERE IS NOTHING
FOR YOU TO WORRY ABOUT. ALRIGHT?
THE MOST IMPORTANT QUESTION
IS HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
[MALACHY] RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
[ROSE] NO, YOU STAY PUT.
[MALACHY] WHERE ARE MY PANTS?
[ROSE] CALM DOWN.
NO. HEY--
ARE YOU OKAY?
[MALACHY] IT'S NOTHING.
OKAY.
NOW WHY IS THE OTHER ONE
IN JAIL?
[JAKE] SOMETHING HAPPENED LAST
NIGHT. I DON'T KNOW WHAT YET,
EXACTLY AND CHRISTIAN HE--
HE DOESN'T REMEMBER.
[MALACHY] WHAT DO YOU MEAN
HE DOESN'T REMEMBER?
IT'S THE DRUGS ISN'T IT?
[JAKE] DAD, NO, LOOK IT IS NOT
THE DRUGS, OKAY?
JUST RELAX.
I'M HANDLING IT.
[MALACHY] I REALLY THOUGHT
HE WAS MAKING AN EFFORT.
[JAKE] LOOK, PLEASE--
JUST-- YOU KNOW--
TAKE A FEW MORE ZIPS OF
YOUR JUICE BOX
AND FOCUS ON NOT HAVING
ANOTHER HEART ATTACK.
YOU GOT ME?
I AM ON IT.
ALRIGHT.
[MALACHY] YEAH.
[JAKE] YOU...
[ROSE] ME?
[MALACHY] ROSE?
FIND OUT THE REAL STORY.
[ROSE] OH, I WILL.
I WILL.
DON'T YOU WORRY, OKAY?
<♪♪>
[SHANNIE] BERNIE PLAYS THE SAME
NUMBERS EVERY WEEK.
FOR THE LAST 16 YEARS HE'S
PLAYED THE SAME STUPID NUMBERS:
22, 25, 10, 19, 18, 31.
THEN LAST WEEK, THERE WAS A DRAW
FOR 1.2 MILLION DOLLARS
AND BERNIE'S NUMBERS CAME UP.
AND THE LOTTO COMMISSION
CONFIRMED THERE WAS
A WINNING TICKET IN ST. JOHN'S,
I KNOW HE WON.
ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION TO ME?
[DES] OF COURSE I AM
MRS. "MALONEY".
[SHANNIE] IT'S "MELONE".
[DES] RIGHT. MRS. MALONE.
I HAVE JUST ONE QUESTION.
IF YOUR HUSBAND WON
THE LOTTERY--
ALLEGEDLY WON THE LOTTERY,
WHY WOULDN'T HE CASH IT IN?
[SHANNIE] BECAUSE, IF YOU HAD
BEEN LISTENING, MY HUSBAND
AND I ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
[DES] THAT'S TERRIBLE,
I'M SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
[SHANNIE] DON'T BE.
[DES] VERY WELL.
[SHANNIE] IF HE KEEPS THAT
TICKET SECRET AND FINDS A WAY
TO CLAIM IT AFTER OUR DIVORCE
IS FINALIZED, HE WON'T BE
OBLIGATED TO GIVE ME HALF THE
WINNINGS.
[DES] DIABOLICAL.
[TINNY] HEY.
[DES] HEY-- A PA PA PA PA.
IS YOUR HUSBAND A HOCKEY FAN,
MRS. MALONE?
[SHANNIE] I GUESS. WHY?
[DES] 22, 25, 10, 19, 18, 31?
STARTING LINE UP OF
THE 1973 HABS.
[SHANNIE] GREAT.
[DES] YOU THOUGHT
I WASN'T LISTENING.
NOW WHO FEELS SILLY?
[SHANNIE] JUST FIND THE TICKET.
BEFORE THE DIVORCE GOES
THROUGH.
[DES] YOU CAN COUNT ON ME.
MY GIRL TINNY WILL SEE YOU OUT.
[TINNY] EXCUSE ME?
[DES] JUST--
DON'T MAKE ME LOOK STUPID.
[NIKKI] AS FAR AS CORONARIES
GO, I'VE SEEN WORSE
BUT HE'S NOT OUT OF
THE CLEAR YET.
WE NEED TO ADMINISTER THE
DYE-TEST, CHECK FOR DAMAGES
AND WE'LL GO FROM THERE.
[JAKE] OKAY BE HONEST.
ARE WE TALKING
ZIPPER CLUB HERE?
[NIKKI] LETS JUST WAIT FOR
THE RESULTS OKAY.
[JAKE] NIKKI, I KNOW YOU.
THAT'S YOUR BAD NEWS FACE.
[NIKKI] DON'T WORRY JAKE.
IF THERE'S ANYTHING THIS
HOSPITAL CAN HANDLE,
IT'S HEART DISEASE.
[JAKE] YEAH, I SUPPOSE THE SALT
BEEF DIET IS GOOD FOR SOMETHING.
[NIKKI] ARE YOU DOING OKAY?
[JAKE] YEAH I'M FINE.
I'M JUST-- I'M FINE.
[NIKKI] WE'RE GONNA TAKE
REALLY GOOD CARE OF HIM.
[JAKE] THAT PRESCRIPTION PAD
THAT CHRISTIAN ROBBED ON YOU,
DID YOU CANCEL THAT?
[NIKKI] YEAH
I FLAGGED IT AS SOON AS I
NOTICED IT MISSING. WHY?
[JAKE] I THINK
HE MIGHT HAVE CASHED
IN A COUPLE OF TIMES FIRST.
[NIKKI] IS HE OKAY?
[JAKE] YEAH, HE'S FINE BUT
JUST MAKE SURE
YOU DOCUMENT IT. OKAY?
[NIKKI] I WILL.
IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE PEOPLE ALWAYS
PEGGED YOU AS THE BLACK SHEEP.
I GUESS EVERYBODY GOT IT WRONG.
[JAKE] EXCEPT YOU.
[NIKKI] YEAH, EXCEPT ME.
[JAKE] I JUST FEEL LIKE
EVERYTHING S FALLING APART
AROUND ME RIGHT NOW, YOU KNOW?
[NIKKI] JAKE, IF YOU NEED
ANYTHING, I'M HERE.
[JAKE] I KNOW.
[BAR TENDER] YEAH,
HE WAS IN HERE.
[JAKE] HE CAUSE ANY TROUBLE?
[BAR TENDER] NOT REALLY,
HAD A COUPLE OF BEERS, TALKED TO
ALL THE LADIES. KEPT IT CLASSY.
[JAKE] ALRIGHT, ANY LADIES
IN PARTICULAR?
[BAR TENDER] THERE WAS ONE WHO
BOUGHT HIM A DAIQUIRI,
HAD IT SENT OVER, YEAH.
[JAKE] REALLY?
DID THEY HIT IT OFF?
[BAR TENDER] YEAH, WELL IT
WOULD HAVE BEEN HARD NOT TO.
[JAKE] I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU MEAN.
[BAR TENDER] I MEAN SHE'S IN AND
OUT OF HERE ALL THE TIME,
WITH CUSTOMERS, IF YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M SAYING.
[JAKE] OH, OKAY.
DOES SHE HAVE A NAME?
[BAR TENDER] CHASTITY.
[JAKE] CHASTITY?
RIGHT WELL, LISTEN,
THANKS FOR YOUR TROUBLE.
[JAKE] YEAH ROSE,
HOW IS TIC TOCK DOING?
GOOD OKAY LISTEN
IF HE'S OUT OF EAR SHOT,
I NEED YOU TO DO ME A FAVOUR?
I NEED YOU TO CHECK INTO A NAME?
[LESLIE] I TRACKED DOWN
THE OWNERS OF THE HOUSE.
THEY'RE DOWN IN BOSTON,
THEY RENT THIS PLACE
OUT TO TOURISTS.
[HOOD] WHO WAS RENTING IT
LAST NIGHT?
[LESLIE] LAST COUPLE WEEKS
IT'S BEEN A CORPORATION,
THE "TW GROUP".
[HOOD] TW GROUP.
WE DON'T HAVE A NAME?
[LESLIE] NO, JUST THE COMPANY
CREDIT CARD THEY USED
FOR THE ONLINE BOOKING.
[HOOD] LOOK AT THIS.
TOP OF A PRESCRIPTION PILL
BOTTLE AND SOME CRUSHED UP
PILLS. BUT NO BOTTLE,
NOTHING IN THE BATHROOM.
[LESLIE] SUSPECT DIDN'T HAVE
ANYTHING ON HIM?
[HOOD] WELL HE SURE HAD
SOMETHING IN HIM.
LOOK, I'D STEER CLEAR OF THAT
DOYLE UNTIL THIS CASE IS CLOSED.
[LESLIE] DON'T WORRY,
I KNOW HOW TO HANDLE HIM.
[HOOD] I DON'T DOUBT THAT.
BUT SERGEANT,
IT'S OBVIOUS THE BRASS WANTS
TO SEE YOUR STAR KEEP RISING.
I WOULD HATE TO SEE
A SILLY LITTLE CONFLICT OF
INTEREST TANGLE YOU UP.
<♪♪>
[LESLIE] NO DOYLE.
[JAKE] OH C'MON SERGEANT.
[LESLIE] I CAN'T BE SEEN
TALKING TO YOU.
[JAKE] OKAY LOOK,
JUST 30 SECONDS. PLEASE?
[LESLIE] HOW WOULD IT LOOK IF
THE LEAD INVESTIGATOR WAS SEEN
CHUMMING AROUND WITH THE
BROTHER OF A MURDER SUSPECT?
[JAKE] OKAY, MY BROTHER'S
A BELLHEAD, YES,
BUT HE'S NO MURDERER.
[LESLIE] THAT'S
A LOVELY SENTIMENT
BUT I DON'T THINK IT WILL
STAND UP IN COURT.
[JAKE] JUST DO ME A FAVOUR,
OKAY?
PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO
THE TOX REPORT.
WE THINK THAT CHRISTIAN WAS
DRUGGED LAST NIGHT.
[LESLIE] JAKE,
I AM DEAD SERIOUS.
GET AWAY FROM ME RIGHT NOW.
<JAKE'S PHONE RINGS>
[JAKE] ROSE?
[ROSE] OKAY I FOUND THREE
"CHASTITY" SO FAR ON THE ST.
JOHN'S CRAIGSLIST.
[JAKE] OH YEAH? ONLY THREE?
[ROSE] YEAH.
ONE BLONDE, ONE BRUNETTE
AND A 6'3 REDHEAD
WITH A NICE SIZE ADAM'S APPLE
OUT IN THE MOUNT PEARL AREA.
[JAKE] WELL MY MONEY IS ON THE
BLONDE I GUESS.
[ROSE] I CALLED THE NUMBER ON
THE AD, IT'S AN AGENCY.
[JAKE] THANKS FOR THIS,
AND LISTEN,
THANKS FOR KEEPING
DAD OUT OF IT OKAY.
HOW'S HE DOING ANYWAY?
[ROSE] OH, HE'S GOOD.
HE'S KEEPING BUSY, WRITING
EVERYBODY OUT OF HIS WILL.
AND WHERE IS CHRISTIAN NOW?
[JAKE] HE'S STILL
IN POLICE CUSTODY.
THEY WON'T LET ME IN TO SEE HIM.
AM I ON SPEAKER PHONE?
[ROSE] NO. GOTTA GO. BYE.
<♪♪>
[SHANNIE] MY MOTHER GAVE US
THAT LAMP FOR CHRISTMAS!
[BERNARD] I KNOW WHO GAVE IT
TO US! I'M NOT STUPID!
YOU'RE ALWAYS TALKING TO ME
LIKE I'M STUPID, I'M NOT!
[SHANNIE] YEAH, YOU ARE!
[BERNARD] I'M SMART!
THAT'S WHAT PEOPLE SAY TO ME
ALL THE TIME.
"BERNIE, YOU'RE SMART".
[SHANNIE] SPELL SMART.
SPELL IT!
[BERNARD] SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
THAT'S HOW IT'S SPELT!
[SHANNIE] THAT LAMP IS COMING
OUTTA YOUR HALF OF THE WINNINGS!
[BERNARD] ARE YOU STILL GOING
ON ABOUT WINNINGS?!
I CHANGED MY LUCKY NUMBERS
LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO!
[SHANNIE] CHANGE YOUR LUCKY
NUMBERS RIGHT BEFORE THEY HIT
THE POWERBALL, HUH?!
[BERNARD] YEAH!
[SHANNIE] WHO DO YOU
THINK I AM?!
[BERNARD] HOW DO YOU THINK
I FEEL ABOUT IT?!
[SHANNIE] THAT'S IT!
I'M GONNA TAKE ONE OF YOUR
EYES OUT!
[DES] MAN, I AM NEVER
GETTING MARRIED.
[LESLIE] WE WANTED TO ASK YOU
ABOUT THE HOUSE YOU'VE RENTING
ON SIGNAL HILL?
[TOMMY] HOUSE ON SIGNAL HILL?
NO, NO.
I JUST CAME BACK THIS
MORNING FROM A WEEK OF
MEETINGS IN TORONTO.
[LESLIE] WELL IS THERE SOMEBODY
WHO BE RENTING THE PROPERTY
USING YOUR COMPANY CREDIT CARD?
[TOMMY] NOT THAT I'M AWARE OF.
WHICH CARD?
[TOMMY] AH. THE WIFE.
BIGGEST KIND OF
CORPORATE EXPENSE.
[LESLIE] WHY WOULD YOUR WIFE BE
RENTING A HOUSE ON SIGNAL HILL?
[TOMMY] I HAVEN'T THE FAINTEST.
I'M GONNA FIND OUT RIGHT NOW.
[HOOD] EVERYDAY THEY'RE
PUTTING UP SOMETHING NEW.
THEY'RE GONNA RUN OUT OF
ROOM SOME DAY.
[LESLIE] IS EVERYTHING ALRIGHT
[TOMMY] THAT WAS
THE HOUSE KEEPER.
LUCY HASN'T BEEN HOME
IN 2 DAYS.
[LESLIE] HOW DID YOU END UP AT
LUCY WINDOR'S PLACE?
[CHRISTIAN] I TOLD YOU.
I'VE NEVER MET ANY
LUCY WINDSOR.
YOU CAN KEEP ASKING
OVER AND OVER,
IT'S NOT GONNA HELP ME REMEMBER.
I BLACKED OUT.
[LESLIE] WOULD YOU AGREE TO
SUBMIT YOURSELF TO A TOX SCREEN?
[CHRISTIAN] ABSOLUTELY.
LOOK I'M SURE THAT SOMEBODY
SLIPPED ME SOMETHING.
[HOOD] OR YOU SLIPPED
YOURSELF SOMETHING?
[CHRISTIAN] KOJAK,
I'M FRESH OUTTA THE BEST REHAB
CLINIC IN SOUTHERN ONTARIO.
[HOOD] YOUR PARENTS MUST
BE SOME PROUD.
[CHRISTIAN] I DON'T NEED TO
DEFEND MYSELF TO YOU,
OR ANYBODY.
HAVE YOU FOUND A BODY?
[LESLIE] NOT YET.
[CHRISTIAN] SO, IS
THERE A CHARGE?
ANYWHERE HERE ON THE HORIZON?
THEN TAKE MY BLOOD,
AND CALL ME A CAB.
<♪♪>
[LESLIE] HOW IS YOUR FATHER?
[JAKE] HE'S GOOD, I THINK.
[LESLIE] I'M NOT WORRIED,
HE'S A TOUGH CUSTOMER.
[JAKE] THAT HE IS.
[LESLIE] I CAN'T STAY.
I JUST THOUGHT YOU SHOULD
KNOW YOU WERE RIGHT.
[JAKE] ABOUT WHAT?
[LESLIE] CHRISTIAN'S TOX SCREEN
CAME OUT POSITIVE FOR GHB.
[JAKE] THE DATE RAPE DRUG?
SO SOMEBODY DID DRUG HIM?
[LESLIE] IT WOULD HAVE
TO BEEN A LOT FOR IT TO
SHOW UP ON THE SCREEN.
THEY ALSO FOUND HIGH
LEVELS OF COCAINE AND
PERCOCET IN HIS SYSTEM.
SOMETIMES NO NEWS,
IS GOOD NEWS.
[JAKE] WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
THAT HOUSE ON SIGNAL HILL?
[LESLIE] THEY RENTED IT TO
A WOMAN NAMED LUCY WINDSOR.
[JAKE] AND WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT HER?
[LESLIE] HER HUSBAND IS
TOMMY WINDSOR, THE TW GROUP.
[JAKE] DEVELOPMENT COMPANY?
[LESLIE] THAT'S RIGHT,
AND GUESS WHO REPRESENTS
THE TW GROUP IN TORONTO?
[JAKE] CHRISTIAN'S LAW FIRM.
[LESLIE] I DON'T
NEED TO REMIND YOU.
THIS NEVER HAPPENED.
[JAKE] JUST--
SIT DOWN FOR A SECOND.
SOMETHING ELSE
THAT NEVER HAPPENED..
[LESLIE] WHAT'S THAT?
[JAKE] I TOOK IT FROM THE HOUSE.
[LESLIE] YOU POCKETED THAT
FROM THE CRIME SCENE?
[JAKE] I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT.
[LESLIE] WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO
DO WITH THAT NOW JAKE?
[JAKE] I DON'T CARE,
DO WHATEVER YOU WANT WITH IT.
ALRIGHT? I'LL TAKE THE HEAT.
I'M SORRY LESLIE.
BUT I'M GIVING YOU THIS
BECAUSE I KNOW MY BROTHER
DIDN'T KILL ANYBODY.
<♪♪>
[DES] I HAD TO GREASE THE LADY
AT THE JACKMAN & GREENE STORE
50 BUCKS FOR
THE SURVEILLANCE TAPE.
[SHANNIE] DO YOU HAVE
THE TICKET?
[DES] NO. BUT...
AS YOU CAN SEE BY THE DATE AND
TIME ON THE SURVEILLANCE TAPE,
BERNARD AND HIS ASSOCIATE DID
IN FACT BUY A TICKET
ON THE DAY THE WINNING
TICKET WAS SOLD.
[SHANNIE] THAT'S WALLY,
WALLY DUGGAN.
HE'S BERNIE'S LITTLE LAPDOG
AND THEY'RE PROBABLY IN ON
IT TOGETHER.
[DES] I'M SORRY TO SAY,
MRS. MALONE,
BUT THIS IS WHERE WE PART WAYS.
[SHANNIE] WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT?
YOU ALREADY SAID YOU'D TAKE
THE CASE.
[DES] I KNOW,BUT I PULLED
MR. DUGGAN'S RAP SHEET AND
I'M GOING TO HAVE TO
RESPECTFULLY UNTAKE THE CASE.
[SHANNIE] BECAUSE OF WALLY?
HE'S HARMLESS.
[DES] ASSAULT AND BATTERY,
ASSAULT WITH A DEADLY WEAPON,
ASSAULT WITH A SWAN?
[SHANNIE] WHAT?
[DES] IT'S A TALL WHITE BIRD.
[SHANNIE] I KNOW WHAT A SWAN
IS. LOOK IF YOU FIND THAT TICKET
I WILL PAY YOU
FIVE PERCENT OF THE JACKPOT.
THAT'S FIVE PERCENT OF
ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
[DES] MY OH MY,
IS LIFE SO CHEAP TO YOU?
[TINNY] HE'LL TAKE IT!
[DES] NO I WON'T!
[TINNY] YES, YOU WILL!
[SHANNIE] GOOD.
I'LL BE IN TOUCH.
[DES] TINNY, I DON'T THINK
500 BUCKS IS WORTH ME
RISKING MY LIFE.
[TINNY] DES...
FIVE PERCENT OF ONE MILLION
IS...
LOOK NEVER MIND.
I'LL HANDLE THAT END OF IT.
<♪♪>
[JAKE] WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[MALACHY] I FOUND AN INTERESTING
SITE FOR A BRAND NEW INDEPENDENT
ESCORT BY THE NAME OF "DESTINY".
[ROSE] WHICH WAS CHASTITY'S
ORIGINAL MONIKER.
[MALACHY] AND JUDGING FROM THE
PHOTO, SHE'S NOW A RED HEAD.
[JAKE] I TOLD YOU TO KEEP HIM
OUT OF THIS.
[ROSE] YOU TRY AND STOP HIM.
[JAKE] OKAY, DAD YOU GOTTA
START TAKING THIS HEART ATTACK
THING A LITTLE MORE SERIOUSLY.
[MALACHY] HE'S MY SON.
DROP IT.
[JAKE] I WILL HANDLE THIS.
I'LL LOOK HER UP.
I'LL SEE IF IT'S REALLY HER.
WILL THAT MAKE HER HAPPY?
[ROSE] SOMEBODY ALREADY TOOK
THE LIBERTY. COME ON IN.
[CHASTITY] OH NO.
WHAT'S THIS, A LAST REQUEST?
I DON'T DO THEM NO MORE, OKAY?
IT'S A LIABILITY.
[JAKE] I NEED TO ASK YOU
A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS,
THAT'S ALL.
[MALACHY] WHAT HAPPENED
AT THE NEWFOUNDLAND
HOTEL BAR LAST NIGHT?
[CHASTITY] I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU WANT,
I'M STILL GETTING
MY 300 UP FRONT.
[JAKE] HOW MUCH?
[CHASTITY] 300.
[JAKE] FINE. OKAY LOOK,
I'LL PAY YOU YOUR 300,
BUT I GOTTA ASK YOU A COUPLE
QUESTIONS, OUT IN THE HALLWAY.
[MALACHY] YOU HAD A DATE
WITH THIS GUY?
[CHASTITY] ALRIGHT, IT WAS KIND
OF WEIRD.
[MALACHY] EXPLAIN.
[CHASTITY] HE DIDN'T HIRE ME.
SOME OTHER GUY HIRED ME.
HE SAID HE NEEDED SOME HELP
WITH A FANTASY.
[JAKE] WHAT KIND OF FANTASY?
[CHASTITY] THIS MAN, HE SAID,
"I'LL PAY YOU A THOUSAND
DOLLARS IF YOU SLIP MY
BOYFRIEND A RUFY IN THE BAR
AND DRIVE HIM OUT
TO SIGNAL HILL".
SO THAT'S WHAT I DID.
I DRUGGED HIM, DROPPED HIM OFF,
AND BAILED.
[MALACHY] SO WHO'S THIS MAN?
[CHASTITY] I HAVE NO IDEA.
WE SET IT UP ON THE PHONE.
[MALACHY] WAS HE AT THE HOUSE
ON SIGNAL HILL?
[CHASTITY] THERE WAS NOBODY
THERE. BUDDY WAS PASSING OUT,
SO I GAVE HIM A BLANKET AND
LEFT.
[JAKE] HOW SWEET.
THE WHOLE THING DIDN'T SEEM
AT ALL ODD TO YOU?
[CHASTITY] IT'S NOT THE ODDEST
THING I'VE EVER DONE,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
[DES] HELLO.
GOT THE FLOWERS I SENT OVER?
[MALACHY] YES SON, THANK YOU.
[TINNY] HEY POPPY.
[MALACHY] HEY.
[TINNY] YOU DON'T LOOK ANY
WORSE THAN USUAL.
[DES] JAKE, I THINK I'M GONNA
NEED SOME HELP ON THIS CASE.
[JAKE] DES, CAN YOU PLEASE
JUST HANDLE IT? ALRIGHT?
[TINNY] WE GOT IT.
IT'S PRETTY STRAIGHT FORWARD.
DON'T WORRY.
[DES] WHO ARE YOU? WHO'S--
ARE YOU A COUSIN OR SOMETHING?
[CHASTITY] WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO BE YOUR COUSIN?
[JAKE] OKAY... WELL THANKS.
BYE BYE NOW.
CHEERS.
<♪♪>
[JAKE] THEY RELEASED YA HUH?
[CHRISTIAN] NO BODY, NO CRIME.
[JAKE] WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THE TW GROUP?
[CHRISTIAN] THEY'RE TRYING
TO SET ME UP.
IT'S OBVIOUS.
[JAKE] THEY WERE TRYING
TO SET YOU UP?
[CHRISTIAN] YEAH, I SAW SOME
PAPERS I SHOULDN'T HAVE SEEN.
[JAKE] TELL ME WHAT
THEY'RE UP TO.
[CHRISTIAN] TOMMY WINDSOR IS
THE BERNIE MADOFF
OF NEWFOUNDLAND.
THEY TAKE DOWN PAYMENTS
ON PROPERTIES,
AND THEY REINVEST IN BIGGER AND
BETTER PROPERTIES.
THE WHOLE THING IS
ABOUT TO COLLAPSE.
[JAKE] SO YOU GOT YOURSELF
TANGLED UP IN A PONZI SCHEME.
[CHRISTIAN] COME ON.
AS SOON AS I KNEW
WHAT WAS GOING ON,
I WAS GONNA BLOW THE WHISTLE.
THEY'RE UNDER FEDERAL
INVESTIGATION AND THE AXE IS
ABOUT TO FALL.
THEY'RE TRYING TO CLEAN
UP ALL THE LOOSE ENDS.
THAT INCLUDES ME.
[JAKE] OH, YEAH JUST RELAX.
HAVE YOURSELF A LITTLE NAP.
[CHRISTIAN] YEAH, I'M TIRED.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
[JAKE] HEY!
[CHRISTIAN] WHAT?
[JAKE] YOUR FATHER
IS IN THE HOSPITAL.
I JUST THOUGHT YOU
SHOULD KNOW. GOOD NIGHT.
[CHRISTIAN] HEY, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
[JAKE] WELL HE HAD
A HEART ATTACK
WHEN YOU WERE BUSY
MOPPING UP SOME STRANGER'S BLOOD
UP ON SIGNAL HILL.
[CHRISTIAN] IS HE ALRIGHT?
[JAKE] WHY DON'T YOU GO AND
FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF?
[CHRISTIAN] I CAN'T FACE HIM
RIGHT NOW.
[JAKE] WHATEVER CHRISTIAN.
[DES] IT'S GETTING A LITTLE
LATE FOR CALLERS.
[TINNY] DO YOU WANNA SOLVE
THIS CASE OR NOT?
<KNOCKING SOFTLY>
[DES] WALLY?
WALLY DUGGAN?
HE ISN'T HOME,
BACK TO SQUARE ONE. LET'S GO--
<POUNDING ON THE DOOR>
[TINNY] MR. DUGGAN?!
<♪♪>
[DES] BERNARD?
[BERNARD] WHO THE FRIG ARE YOU?
[DES] I'M DES COURTNEY,
THIS IS TINNY DOYLE.
WE'RE PRIVATE INVESTIGATORS,
FULLY LICENSED IN THE PROVINCE
OF NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR.
[TINNY] WAIT!
WHERE IS WALLY DUGGAN?
[DES] YEAH, WHERE IS WALLY?
[BERNARD] THAT'S
WHAT I WANNA KNOW.
[TINNY] HE TOOK OFF WITH THE
WINNING TICKET, DIDN'T HE?
[BERNARD] YEAH.
I WON THE LOTTERY,
FAIR AND SQUARE.
I TRUSTED MY GOOD FRIEND WALLY
TO CASH IT IN FOR A CUT,
SO I WOULDN'T HAVE TO FORK
OVER HALF THE CASH TO THAT
CHEATING BAG OF MAKE-UP.
[DES] YOUR WIFE WAS
CHEATING ON YOU?
[BERNARD] APPARENTLY.
WITH WALLY!
IT'S ALL HERE
IN THE PHONE BILL.
NOT SURE HOW I MISSED THAT ONE.
THEY'RE THE ONLY TWO PEOPLE
I KNOW.
[TINNY] WELL YOUR WIFE PROMISED
US A PERCENTAGE OF THE WINNINGS
IF WE FIND THE TICKET.
[BERNARD] OH YEAH?
I'LL GIVE YOU FIVE PERCENT.
[TINNY] SHE ALREADY PROMISED
US TEN.
[BERNARD] OKAY.
YOU FIND WALLY AND BRING ME
BACK THE WINNING TICKET.
I'LL GIVE YOU TWELVE PERCENT.
[TINNY] DEAL.
[BERNARD] HE NEEDS TO GET TO
NEW BRUNSWICK TO THE LOTTO
COMMISSION TO CASH IT IN.
BUT THE AIRPORT'S FOGGED IN,
AS USUAL.
<NIKKI'S PHONE RINGING>
[NIKKI] HERE.... HEY...
GIVE IT.
[DAVID] YOU'RE GONNA ANSWER
RIGHT NOW?
[NIKKI] IT MIGHT BE
AN EMERGENCY.
THANK YOU.
[NIKKI] HELLO?
HELLO?
[JAKE] HEY.
[NIKKI] JAKE?
HEY, ARE YOU OKAY?
[JAKE] YEAH.
I'M SORRY WERE YOU SLEEPING?
[NIKKI] YEAH, IT'S 2
IN THE MORNING.
[JAKE] I'M SORRY I DIDN'T
REALIZE WHAT TIME IT WAS.
[NIKKI] WHAT'S GOING ON?
[JAKE] NOTHING.
I GUESS I JUST--
I GUESS I DIALED
YOUR NUMBER BY MISTAKE.
[NIKKI] THAT'S OKAY BABY.
THAT'S OKAY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
[JAKE] YEAH-- I'M--
HOW ARE YOU?
HOW IS WORK?
[NIKKI] GOOD.
[JAKE] LOOK I'M SORRY
I WOKE YOU, OKAY?
[NIKKI] IT'S OKAY.
[JAKE] I'LL SEE YA.
[NIKKI] OKAY... OKAY.
<♪♪>
[HOOD] LETS GET HER OUT OF HERE
AND LOCK DOWN THE SCENE, OKAY?
YOU CLOSED A HOMICIDE BEFORE
THE BODY EVEN SHOWED UP.
THAT SHOWS CLASS.
[LESLIE] LUCY WINDSOR?
[HOOD] LET'S GET THAT
ARREST WARRANT FOR
CHRISTIAN DOYLE ON THE GO.
<♪♪>
[JAKE] PLEASE TELL ME
THAT'S NOT LUCY WINDSOR?
[LESLIE] WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO LIE, DOYLE?
[JAKE] THIS ISN'T GOOD.
[LESLIE] THERE IS A FIRST
DEGREE MURDER WARRANT DOWN
ON YOUR BROTHER.
[JAKE] LOOK I'M PRETTY SURE THAT
CHRISTIAN IS BEING SET UP HERE.
[LESLIE] JAKE, HAVE YOU EVER
CONSIDER THE POSSIBILITY
THAT YOUR BROTHER IS
LYING TO YOU?
[JAKE] WHAT IS THAT?
[LESLIE] SHE MUSTA
JUST COME FROM REHAB.
[JAKE] LAKEVIEW OUTREACH.
[JAKE] I SPOKE TO A CALL GIRL,
HER NAME IS "CHASTITY".
SHE SWEARS THAT SHE WAS
PAID TO DRUG CHRISTIAN
AND TO BRING HIM TO THAT HOUSE.
[LESLIE] OKAY, IF THAT'S TRUE,
SHE'S GOT TO COME IN
AND MAKE A STATEMENT.
[JAKE] I'LL BE IN TOUCH.
[HOOD] EVERYTHING ALRIGHT?
[LESLIE] YEAH.
[CHASTITY] I MET THE GUY AT
THE HOTEL BAR, LIKE WE AGREED.
HE WAS ALL HOPPED UP
ON SOMETHING.
GHB, AND PERCS AND WHATNOT.
BUT HE SEEMED NICE ENOUGH,
SO FINE.
[LESLIE] YOU DIDN'T GIVE
HIM ANY DRUGS?
[CHASTITY] NO,
I NEVER TOUCH THE STUFF.
HE TOOK ME TO SOME PLACE
UP ON SIGNAL HILL.
HE WAS SO SLOPPY
BY THE TIME WE GOT THERE.
HE WAS GETTING ROUGH,
CALLING ME NAMES.
SO I TOOK OFF OUT OF THERE
FIRST CHANCE I GOT.
[HOOD] AND YOU LEFT HIM AT
THAT ADDRESS BY HIMSELF?
[CHASTITY] YEAH.
[LESLIE] I UNDERSTAND
YOU TOLD A VERY DIFFERENT
STORY TO A PAIR OF
PRIVATE DETECTIVES?
[CHASTITY] THE OLD GUY
IN THE HOSPITAL BED?
THEY TRIED TO PAY ME 300
BUCKS TO SAY ALL THAT.
[LESLIE] REALLY?
[CHASTITY] BUT ONCE I REALIZED
THE SERIOUSNESS OF THE SITUATION
I KNEW I BETTER
COME OUT WITH THE TRUTH.
[HOOD] THAT'S VERY GOOD.
[CHASTITY] LIKE I ALWAYS SAY,
"HONESTY IS AN AWESOME POLICY".
[DES] ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT.
I'M WALLY DUGGAN, ALRIGHT?
I'VE GOT A MILLION DOLLAR LOTTO
TICKET IN MY POCKET.
I NEED TO GET OFF THE ISLAND
BUT THE AIRPORT'S FOGGED IN.
I'M THINKING ABOUT
ESCAPE BY BOAT
BUT I'M A CRIMINAL
WITH A SHORT FUSE AND
A PROCLIVITY FOR VIOLENCE,
I PROBABLY DON'T HAVE THE
PATIENCE OF A MARINER.
ALSO I'M PARANOID.
SO I CERTAINLY WOULDN'T TRUST
THE PROVINCIAL FERRY SERVICE,
SO THAT LEAVES ME WITH...
HOT AIR BALLOON.
[TINNY] HE'S AT THE FORT MOTEL
BY THE HIGHWAY.
[DES] HE'S PROBABLY SOMEWHERE
OVER MONCTON BY NOW.
I'LL NOTIFY NORAD, WHILE YOU--
WHAT?
[TINNY] HERE IS THE HOTEL
CONFIRMATION.
[DES] HOW DID YOU--
THAT CAN'T BE TAUGHT.
[JAKE] HEY THERE
BLOOD HOUND GANG.
HOW IS THE CASE GOING?
[DES] EXCELLENT.
WICKED. DEADLY.
[TINNY] IT IS WHAT IT IS.
<♪♪>
[MALACHY] TELL ME
CHRISTIAN IS GONNA BE OKAY.
[ROSE] WE'LL GET THROUGH THIS,
OKAY? WE ALWAYS DO.
NO HONEY, YOU CAN'T RIGHT NOW.
SORRY.
[MALACHY] IF THERE WAS A PRIEST
HANDY, I'D MARRY YOU RIGHT NOW.
[ROSE] OH GOSH.
WELL WE SHOULD GET THAT
DOCTOR IN HERE TO REDUCE
YOUR DOSAGE THEN.
[MALACHY] YEAH,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD.
[JAKE] THAT'S THE VICTIM.
CHRISTIAN KNEW HER.
THEY WENT TO THE SAME REHAB
CLINIC TOGETHER.
[MALACHY] OH LORD.
[HOOD] IS THE DOYLE WARRANT
READY TO GO?
[LESLIE] SOMETHING
DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT.
[HOOD] WHICH PART?
[LESLIE] CHRISTIAN DOYLE,
THE GHB, THAT ESCORT.
WERE YOU BUYING ANY OF THAT?
[HOOD] DOESN'T MATTER.
JUDGE ALREADY DID.
[LESLIE] I THINK WE SHOULD
CHECK OUT TOMMY WINDSOR,
SEE IF HIS TORONTO ALIBI
HOLDS UP.
[HOOD] LOOK, LET ME STOP YOU
RIGHT THERE.
THERE'S BEEN A CHANGE IN PLANS.
YOU'RE OFF THE WINDSOR CASE.
[LESLIE] EXCUSE ME?
WHY?
[HOOD] BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
MARCH ACROSS THE HALL
AND TELL THE BRASS
TO TAKE YOU OFF IT.
[LESLIE] AND WHY WOULD
I DO THAT?
[HOOD] BECAUSE OF THIS.
[LESLIE] WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
[HOOD] IN YOUR PURSE,
STRANGELY ENOUGH.
[LESLIE] WHAT WERE YOU DOING
IN MY PURSE?
[HOOD] LOOKING FOR A MINT.
THIS TINY LITTLE PILL BOTTLE
COULD STOP YOU CAREER DEAD
IN IT'S TRACKS.
[LESLIE] I WAS GONNA HAND
THAT IN TO EVIDENCE.
[HOOD] RELAX.
IT'S OKAY.
YOU'RE WELCOME?
[LESLIE] I DIDN'T ASK YOU
TO DO THAT.
[HOOD] THIS IS
FOR YOUR OWN GOOD SERGEANT.
JUST LOOKING OUT FOR
YOUR FUTURE HERE.
JUST DON'T FORGET IT IS ALL.
FAVOUR AMONG FRIENDS.
<♪♪>
[DES] WAIT, WAIT WAIT.
THIS IS WALLY'S ROOM.
[TINNY] LETS SEE IF HE'S HOME.
[DES] OKAY.
<KNOCKING ON THE DOOR>
[TINNY] HOUSEKEEPING.
<♪♪>
[DES] WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
I GOT SOME WICKED BUTTERFLIES.
MAYBE WE BETTER CALL JAKE?
[TINNY] YOU GOTTA STEP UP HERE.
BE A MAN.
[DES] OKAY, GO AHEAD.
[TINNY] HE'S SLEEPING.
ARE YOU OKAY?
[DES] POLICE!
PUT YOUR HANDS OVER YOUR HEAD!
UH... UH...
NO DON'T DO THAT!
DON'T DO THAT!
[WALLY] <COUGHING>
[TINNY] OH MY GOD.
[DES] HEIMLICH!
<♪♪>
[TINNY] STOP!
[DES] OH MY GOD!
OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!
[TINNY] CALM DOWN!
CALL AN AMBULANCE!
[DES] I KILLED HIM!
I'M FREAKING OUT!
DON'T TELL JAKE!
OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!
[TINNY] CALL AN AMBULANCE!
[DES] I KILLED HIM!
DON'T TELL JAKE!
[TINNY] CALM DOWN!
[TINNY] ARE YOU OKAY NOW?
[DES] I STILL FEEL
A LITTLE ANXIOUS.
[DES] AH!
[TINNY] NOW CALL 911.
[DES] RIGHT, SORRY.
<KNOCKING ON THE DOOR>
[JAKE] HEY.
[MALACHY] JAKE.
CAN YOU GIVE US A MINUTE?
[JAKE] YEAH.
[CHRISTIAN] HEY.
HOW YOU FEELING?
[MALACHY] SO THIS LUCY WINDSOR,
SHE'S FRESH OUTTA LAKEVIEW
REHAB AS WELL.
[CHRISTIAN] DAD, HUNDREDS OF
PEOPLE GO THROUGH THERE.
IT'S THE BEST IN THE COUNTRY.
[MALACHY] YEAH.
IT LOOKS LIKE A LOT OF FUN.
[CHRISTIAN] IT'S NOT
HOW IT LOOKS.
[MALACHY] WELL,
IT LOOKS PRETTY BAD TO ME,
ESPECIALLY SINCE THEY JUST
DRAGGED LUCY WINDSOR'S BODY
OUT OF THE HARBOUR.
[CHRISTIAN] SHE'S DEAD?
[MALACHY] CHRISTIAN, THE TRUTH.
[CHRISTIAN] I MET LUCY IN REHAB.
WE HAD A THING.
[MALACHY] WHY WOULD YOU
LIE TO ME?
[CHRISTIAN] I COULDN'T
TELL YOU THE TRUTH ABOUT
WHAT I DO FOR A LIVING.
[MALACHY] YOU'RE A LAWYER.
[CHRISTIAN] DAD, WAKE UP.
I'M NO LAWYER.
I'M A BAGMAN.
I PAY THE BRIBES TO THE PEOPLE
WHO NEED TO BE BRIBED.
AND LUCY WINDSOR NEEDED
BRIBING.
SHE GOT ARRESTED FOR DRIVING
WITH A HEAD FULL OF CODEINE.
THE FEDS WERE TRYING TO
CONVINCE HER TO FLIP
AGAINST HER HUSBAND.
HE SENT HER TO ONTARIO TO
STRAIGHTEN HER OUT.
SO IT WAS MY JOB TO CHECK INTO
THE REHAB, GET CLOSE TO HER,
AND CONVINCE HER NOT TO
TESTIFY.
[MALACHY] DID YA?
[CHRISTIAN] BEING
IN THAT CLINIC,
IT WAS THE FIRST TIME I WAS
FORCED TO SOBER UP IN YEARS.
I HAD A BLIP,
A MOMENT OF CLARITY,
WHATEVER YOU WANNA CALL IT.
LUCY AND I, WE CONNECTED.
IN LOVE, KINDA.
INSTEAD OF CONVINCING HER NOT
TO TESTIFY, I SAID YEAH,
SCREW IT. THAT CROOK
DESERVES TO GO TO JAIL.
SHE AGREED. SHE CHECKED OUT AND
I NEVER HEARD FROM HER AGAIN.
[MALACHY] SO WHAT DO
YOU THINK HAPPENED?
[CHRISTIAN] I THINK
I GOT HER KILLED.
<HEART MONITOR BEEPING>
[CHRISTIAN] YOU NEED A NURSE
OR SOMETHING?
[DR. VINCENT] CLEAR THIS ROOM
PLEASE?
[ROSE] MALACHY?
[DR. VINCENT] CLEAR THIS ROOM,
SO WE CAN WORK. PLEASE?
[ROSE] WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
[JAKE] OKAY ROSE C'MON.
C'MON, ROSE?
[BERNARD] TICKET IS GONE.
WALLY IS GONE.
IT'S A SAD DAY.
[DES] WELL, AT LEAST YOU'VE
GOT EACH OTHER.
[SHANNIE] TODAY IS A VERY
SAD DAY.
[DES] I'M SERIOUS.
EVENTS LIKE THIS TEND TO BRING
PEOPLE TOGETHER.
[BERNARD] WELL, WE'VE AGREED
TO DELAY THE DIVORCE
PROCEEDINGS.
[SHANNIE] JUST UNTIL WE SEE
WHAT COMES OUT OF WALLY IN THE
AUTOPSY.
[BERNARD] BUT APPARENTLY THE
HUMAN BODY DIGESTS WINNING
LOTTERY TICKETS AT AN ALARMING
RATE.
[SHANNIE] HERE, FOR EXPENSES.
[DES] FIFTY BUCKS! SWEET!
[TINNY] GOOD JOB, DES.
YOU BROKE EVEN.
[DES] IT'S STRANGE,
REALLY STRANGE.
I MEAN I KILLED A MAN
AND I FEEL NOTHING.
[TINNY] YOU DIDN'T KILL
ANYBODY, AND YOU WERE CRYING
THE WHOLE TIME THE POLICE TOOK
YOUR STATEMENT.
[DES] SO YOU WANNA MAKE OUT
AGAIN BEFORE WE CALL IT A DAY?
[TINNY] YOU TELL ANYBODY ABOUT
THAT AND I WILL KILL YOU.
[DES] FINE, I PROMISE WON'T
TELL ANYONE ABOUT THE TIME YOU
MADE OUT WITH ME IN THE HOTEL
ROOM.
[TINNY] SHUT UP!
<TINNY'S PHONE RINGING>
[TINNY] ROSE?
[DES] EVERYTHING OKAY?
<♪♪>
[CHRISTIAN] WHAT'S THIS?
[JAKE] SO I CASHED THAT CHECK
OF YOURS, AND ODDLY ENOUGH IT
DIDN'T BOUNCE.
TAKE THIS.
THE NEXT BUS WILL BE AROUND
ANY MINUTE.
[CHRISTIAN] WHERE AM I GOING?
[JAKE] I DON'T KNOW,
AND I DON'T WANNA KNOW.
NEITHER DOES DAD.
JUST LAY LOW FOR A WHILE, OKAY?
TILL THIS WHOLE THING
BLOWS OVER.
[CHRISTIAN] I CAN'T LEAVE DAD
RIGHT NOW.
I CAN'T.
[JAKE] CHRISTIAN.
YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BE ANY GOOD
TO ANYBODY IN JAIL,ANY ALRIGHT?
[CHRISTIAN] BUTTONS.
[JAKE] DON'T START THAT AGAIN.
[CHRISTIAN] OKAY.
TO BE CONTINUED.
<♪♪>
[DR. VINCENT] WHILE WE WERE
WAITING FOR THE RESULTS
OF THE DYE-TEST,
MR. DOYLE SUFFERED
A SECOND MILD HEART ATTACK.
[ROSE] OH MY GOD.
[DR. VINCENT] WHAT WE ARE GOING
TO DO, IS PROCEED WITH AN
IMMEDIATE BY-PASS OPERATION.
[ROSE] OH MY GOD. OKAY.
[DR. VINCENT] YOU SHOULD KNOW,
HE'S IN GREAT HANDS,
OUR TEAM HERE IS THE ONE
THE BEST IN THE COUNTRY.
[MALACHY] CAN YOU GIVE
US A SECOND?
[ROSE] HEY.
THIS IS A STANDARD PROCEDURE,
YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE.
[MALACHY] I BOUGHT THIS
FOUR MONTHS AGO.
AND I BEEN CARRYING IT
AROUND LIKE A JERK.
I KNOW YOU DON'T LIKE MARRIAGE.
BUT I DON'T CARE.
SO YOU WANNA GIVE IT A GO,
OR WHAT?
[ROSE] YUP.
YES I DO.
OH MY GOD.
[ROSE] I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
[MALACHY] I LOVE YOU TOO.
[DAVID] HOW IS JAKE?
[NIKKI] SORRY?
[DAVID] YOU HEARD ME.
[NIKKI] YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
THIS IS REALLY NOT FAIR DAVID.
IT'S JUST, THERE IS ALL THIS
GOING ON WITH HIS FATHER.
[DAVID] YOU KNOW, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE HERE RIGHT NOW
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO.
[NIKKI] I'M REALLY SORRY.
HE JUST NEEDS ME RIGHT NOW.
[DAVID] YOU SURE IT'S NOT
THE OTHER WAY AROUND?
<♪♪>
<DOOR BELL RINGING>
[JAKE] LESLIE.
[LESLIE] THEY THREW ME
OFF THE CASE.
MY FIRST REAL CASE AS SERGEANT,
AND I SCREW IT UP,
AND IT'S YOUR FAULT JAKE.
[JAKE] WHAT, MY FAULT?
HOW IS THIS MY FAULT?
[LESLIE] THAT PILL BOTTLE
YOU LIFTED FROM THE SCENE,
THEY FOUND IT.
AND NOW I HAVE TO WEAR IT
FOR THE REST OF MY CAREER.
[JAKE] WHY? WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST TURN IT IN,
LIKE I ASKED YOU TO?
[LESLIE] TO PROTECT YA--
TO PROTECT ME.
I DON'T KNOW. THE POINT IS,
I MADE A MISTAKE.
IT'S YOU JAKE, WE ARE DONE.
THIS JOB IS EVERYTHING TO ME
AND YOU ARE SCREWING ME UP.
I CAN'T AFFORD TO HAVE YOU
IN MY LIFE.
[JAKE] LOOK, I'M SORRY.
I AM-- I DIDN'T MEAN
FOR THAT TO HAPPEN.
[LESLIE] I NEVER SHOULD HAVE
COME HERE.
I KNOW THAT,
BUT I CAME ANYWAY.
YOU'RE DRIVING ME CRAZY.
[JAKE] ALRIGHT, WHAT IS IT
THAT YOU WANT ME TO DO?
[LESLIE] YOU KNOW WHAT
THE STUPIDEST PART IS?
I WANT YOU TO KISS ME
RIGHT NOW.
AND I KNOW
THAT IT'S A HUGE MISTAKE
AND I'LL REGRET IT
IMMEDIATELY.
<♪♪>
[NIKKI] OH GOD.
[JAKE] NIKKI?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
[NIKKI] I JUST CAME--
[LESLIE] I'M GONNA TAKE THIS
AS A SIGN, JAKE.
[NIKKI] I CAME HERE BECAUSE
I WANTED-- I JUST WANTED TO--
[LESLIE] GOOD BYE.
THANK YOU.
[NIKKI] I JUST WANTED TO TELL
YOU THAT I'M LEAVING.
FOR GOOD.
I'M GETTING OUT OF THIS TOWN.
I'M DONE.
[JAKE] WHAT?
[NIKKI] THIS IS THE LAST TIME
WE'RE GONNA SEE EACH OTHER
JAKE!
[JAKE] WHAT THE HELL
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
[NIKKI] UGH!
I'M MOVING ON, OKAY?
CAUSE I HAVE TO.
<♪♪>
[ROSE] YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE.
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU, OKAY?
<♪♪>
♪YOU COULD SHOOT OFF A CANON
DOWN A MIDDLE OF BOND♪
♪AND ATTRACT NO ATTENTION
IN DOWNTOWN ST. JOHNS♪
♪THIS GETTING NOWHERE
IS GETTING TO ME♪
♪WONDER WHERE CAN YOU GO
TO BE ALL YOU CAN BE♪
♪NO REGULAR JOE
WANTS TO HAUL UP AND GO♪
♪JUST TO WIND UP HOMESICK
WHERE THERE'S NO ONE YOU KNOW♪
♪JUST A SMOKE AND A BEER
AND THE SPORTS ON TV♪
♪FEELING SORRY YOU LEFT
WITH NO CHOICE BUT TO LEAVE♪
♪NO CHANGE IN THE WEATHER
NO CHANGE IN ME♪
♪I DON'T WANT TO LEAVE
BUT YOU CAN'T LIVE FOR FREE♪
♪YOU CAN'T EAT THE AIR
AND YOU CAN'T DRINK THE SEA♪
♪NO CHANGE IN THE WEATHER
NO CHANGE IN ME♪
<♪♪>